# Stock Recommender
This website provides stock recommendations generated from signals calculated using various technical indicators. It is designed to help users make informed investment decisions based on market data and technical analysis. Due to constraints, real-time market data is not used. Instead, the calculations are based on market data available up to the previous trading day. Also, this stock recommender only supports tickers in the NYSE or NASDAQ.

**DISCLAIMER: This website is a personal project and should not be considered professional financial advice. The stock recommendations generated by this program are for informational purposes only and are based on technical indicators, which are subject to market fluctuations. Users should exercise caution and perform their own research or consult a financial advisor before making any investment decisions. The creator of this project is not responsible for any financial losses incurred through the use of this website.**

## Features

- Tracker page to display market data which also allows users to search for a stock in the tracker
- Allows user to record transactions
- Portfolio associated with each user with information such as current value, net profit and transaction history
- Candlestick graph for each ticker, with markers indicating days which user bought/sold stock for that particular ticker
- Leaderboard which ranks portfolios by net profit
- Allows user to search for other users
- Follow/Unfollow system that allows users to receive notifications about trading actions from the users they follow
- Password reset via email
